## Inspiration
Being productive. Having an extremely short attention span. Prerecorded videos piling up due to procrastination and unwillingness.

## What it does
It grabs your attention and doesn't let it go. Our web extension, once enabled, will track your gaze and move around an RGB oval ~~obstructing your screen where you look~~ which improves your viewing experience by transcribing the lecture live and displaying the captions on the oval. The sound is also converted into one of a random tone and pitch.

## How we built it
Quantifying where the user is looking is accomplished using WebGazer.js eye-tracking library. Live transcription is done using Deepgram API. The overall Chrome extension was written in JavaScript.

## Challenges we ran into
- None of us knew how to build a Chrome extension, so some time was spent reading through documentation and figuring out the order in which scripts are loaded.
- Finding the relevant APIs to help us achieve our goal was difficult, as many are paid services.
- Learning how to collaborate on a software engineering project.
- Audio generated by the transcription was picked up again in a feedback loop

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
- Smoothing out the gaze tracking
- Learning LOLCODE
- Finally watched our lectures.

## What we learned
- Building Chrome extensions
- JavaScript
- LOLCODE

## What's next for Lecture Obfuscator
We understand users love customisability, therefore future improvements could add:
- Support for multiple languages
- Different obstruction effects (e.g. blur)
